responsive-web-design/404-not-found/README.md, before:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">{Your project name}</h1>

<div align="center">
   Solution for a challenge from  <a href="http://devchallenges.io" target="_blank">Devchallenges.io</a>.
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <a href="https://{your-demo-link.your-domain}">
      Demo
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://{your-url-to-the-solution}">
      Solution
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenges/wBunSb7FPrIepJZAg0sY">
      Challenge
    </a>
  </h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->

## Overview

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16707738/92399059-5716eb00-f132-11ea-8b14-bcacdc8ec97b.png)

Introduce your projects by taking a screenshot or a gif. Try to tell visitors a story about your project by answering:

- Where can I see your demo?
- What was your experience?
- What have you learned/improved?
- Your wisdom? :)

### Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges) challenge. The [challenge](https://devchallenges.io/challenges/wBunSb7FPrIepJZAg0sY) was to build an application to complete the given user stories.


## Acknowledgements

<!-- This section should list any articles or add-ons/plugins that helps you to complete the project. This is optional but it will help you in the future. For exmpale -->

- [Steps to replicate a design with only HTML and CSS](https://devchallenges-blogs.web.app/how-to-replicate-design/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Marked - a markdown parser](https://github.com/chjj/marked)

## Contact

- Website [your-website.com](https://{your-web-site-link})
- GitHub [@your-username](https://{github.com/your-usermame})
- Twitter [@your-twitter](https://{twitter.com/your-username})

Commit message:

updated readme for 404-not-found challenge

responsive-web-design/404-not-found/README.md, after:

<!-- Please update value in the {}  -->

<h1 align="center">404 Not Found</h1>

<div align="center">
   Solution for a challenge from  <a href="http://devchallenges.io" target="_blank">Devchallenges.io</a>.
</div>

<div align="center">
  <h3>
    <a href="https://404-not-found-amber.vercel.app">
      Demo
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://github.com/trist-n/devChallenges/tree/main/responsive-web-design/404-not-found">
      Solution
    </a>
    <span> | </span>
    <a href="https://devchallenges.io/challenges/wBunSb7FPrIepJZAg0sY">
      Challenge
    </a>
  </h3>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

## Table of Contents

- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Overview](#overview)
  - [Built With](#built-with)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contact](#contact)

<!-- OVERVIEW -->

## Overview

![screenshot](https://github.com/trist-n/devChallenges/blob/main/responsive-web-design/404-not-found/assets/images/screenshot.png)

I used css grids to lay out the composition of this page. I also use the grid to get a sticky footer on bigger screens.

### Built With

<!-- This section should list any major frameworks that you built your project using. Here are a few examples.-->

- HTML
- CSS
- [SASS](https://sass-lang.com)

## Features

<!-- List the features of your application or follow the template. Don't share the figma file here :) -->

This application/site was created as a submission to a [DevChallenges](https://devchallenges.io/challenges) challenge. The [challenge](https://devchallenges.io/challenges/wBunSb7FPrIepJZAg0sY) was to build an application to complete the given user stories.

## Contact

- Website [tristn.fr](https://tristn.fr)
- GitHub [@trist-n](https://github.com/trist-n)
- Twitter [@trst_n](https://twitter.com/trst_n)
